oh this is so scary if you want you can
practice and do like a jump and I can
like catch you so oh God feel was kind
of
romantic what the heck just happened you
did a back flip that's what happened
nice that that lower back that was
clutch that that felt really nice do one
more I'll spot your little bit L CU I
did kind of a
[Applause]
lot dude you have to do it by yourself I
didn't I barely did anything what the
heck I'll be there in case what is
happening right now I have no idea where
anything is dude had no intention to
learn a backflip
today go
big did you didn't touch you what the
heck let's go that's crazy that's the
quickest I've ever seen anyone learn a
backflip in my life